docs: Overhaul MAINTAINERS.md with complete maintainer and team information (#2064)
kinvolk/Flatcar: MAINTAINERS.md

# Maintainers

> See [Governance](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/governance.md) for governance, commit, and vote guidelines as well as maintainer responsibilities. Everybody listed in this file is a maintainer as per governance definition. See also [Onboarding](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md) for the new maintainer onboarding checklist, [Contributing](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines, [README](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/README.md) for general project information, and [Security](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/SECURITY.md) for security policies and reporting.

Reviewer: "Voting" sounds better to me and matches the document. "Access" maybe covers more than just committing.

```suggestion
See [Governance](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/governance.md) for governance, access, and voting guidelines as well as maintainer responsibilities. Everybody listed in this file is a maintainer as per governance definition. See also [Onboarding](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/ONBOARDING.md) for the new maintainer onboarding checklist, [Contributing](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for contribution guidelines, [README](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/README.md) for general project information, and [Security](https://github.com/flatcar/Flatcar/blob/main/SECURITY.md) for security policies and reporting.
```
